[MUSIC PLAYING]
SURMA: In a previous
episode, we talked
about how jQuery augmented
the API of dumb elements
to make developers
life easier when
it came to the management
of CSS classes.
Another popular API
that jQuery offered
was closest, which
returns the closest
ancestor of the current element,
which matches the selector.
For example, this
is very useful when
having a reference to a
certain button or input field
and wanting to get a hold of
the enclosing form elements.
It is so useful, in fact,
that the web platform now
offers the exact same function
directly on dumb elements.
All modern browsers
offer this API,
and it can be poly-filled
with a couple of lines of code
if necessary.
The fact that so
many APIs of jQuery
influenced the web
platform itself
shows that the jQuery offer is
for real web developers that
solved real problems.
What would you like
to know more about?
Let us know by
leaving a comment.
I hope you have
enjoyed this trip
down this jQuery-shaped
memory lane.
If you like Supercharged and
the short micro-tip videos,
you should subscribe
because there is
going to be more in the future.
In the meantime,
though, you can just
catch up on all things
Supercharged right here.